[blog] Introducing MUI Core v5.0 (#27912)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/pages/blog/material-ui-is-now-mui.md

---
title: Material-UI is now MUI
description: Starting today, we are evolving our brand identity. We are clarifying the difference between our company and our products.
date: 2021-09-15T00:00:00.000Z
authors: ['oliviertassinari', 'danilo-leal', 'mbrookes']
card: true
---

Starting today, we are evolving our brand identity. We are clarifying the difference between our company and our products.

- Material-UI: the organization is now called [**MUI**](https://github.com/mui-org/).
- Material-UI: the set of foundational MIT React components is now called [**MUI Core**](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui).
- Material-UI X: the set of advanced React components is now called [**MUI X**](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x).

> The new identity matches with the increased scope of our focus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new identity matches with the increased scope of our objectives.
```
?
("focus" seems at odds with "increased scope")

Author: I'm not keen on objectives because it sounds like we are going out to conquer. On the other hand "focus" resonates for me as caring.

Reviewer: "increased scope" and "focus"seem opposed

Reviewer 2: `increased scope of our vision`

Author: ```suggestion
Our previous name was no longer serving our areas of focus.
We have grown our product offering.
We needed a new identity to match our increased scope.
```

## The origin

Material-UI started as a React implementation of the Material Design guidelines in 2014.

> The goal was simple, to empower the React developers to use Material Design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal was simple, to empowerReact developers to use Material Design.
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The goal was simple, to empower React developers to use Material Design.
```

The community [loved it](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8582439) and was craving for more, so we kept building.

> We have made it smooth for the community to contribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have made it easy for the community to contribute,
```

> We started actively reviewing pull requests and guiding issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and started actively reviewing pull requests and guiding issues.
```

Things started to really take off with [the release of v1](/blog/material-ui-v1-is-out/) in 2018.
The frontend community was actively migrating to React and in desperate need to move fast.

> Before we realized it, we had grown into the most popular React UI components library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and before we knew it, we had grown into the most popular React UI component library.
```

---
title: Material-UI is now MUI
description: Starting today, we are evolving our brand identity. We are clarifying the difference between our company and our products.
date: 2021-09-15T00:00:00.000Z
authors: ['oliviertassinari', 'danilo-leal', 'mbrookes']
card: true
---

> Starting today, we are evolving our brand identity. We are clarifying the difference between our company and our products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting today we are evolving our brand identity to clarifying the difference between our company and our products.
```

- Material-UI: the organization is now called [**MUI**](https://github.com/mui-org/).
- Material-UI: the set of foundational MIT React components is now called [**MUI Core**](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui).
- Material-UI X: the set of advanced React components is now called [**MUI X**](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x).

The new identity matches with the increased scope of our focus.

## The origin

Material-UI started as a React implementation of the Material Design guidelines in 2014.
The goal was simple, to empower the React developers to use Material Design.
The community [loved it](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8582439) and was craving for more, so we kept building.

We have made it smooth for the community to contribute.
We started actively reviewing pull requests and guiding issues.
Things started to really take off with [the release of v1](/blog/material-ui-v1-is-out/) in 2018.

> The frontend community was actively migrating to React, in desperate need to transition quickly,

Reviewer: Really?

Author: The underlying flow of thoughts: when you migrate your application from jQuery to React, you don't have the time to build custom components. Would you agree with it? We can rephrase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The frontend community was actively migrating to React, but didn't have the bandwidth to rebuild legacy interfaces from scratch,
```

Before we realized it, we had grown into the most popular React UI components library.
The components were heavily used and customized to build customer-facing applications, internal tools, and mobile-hybrid apps.

## A larger focus

> In our last survey, the number of developers that complained about improving Material Design implementation was down by [60%](/blog/2020-developer-survey-results/#comparison-with-last-year) compared to the year before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our last survey, the number of developers that commented about improving the Material Design implementation was down by [60%](/blog/2020-developer-survey-results/#comparison-with-last-year) compared to the year before.
```

> At the same time, 400% more developers were struggling to customize the components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the same time, 5X more developers were struggling to customize the components.
```

Percentages only go up to 100. 🙂

> It is based on this context that we started to work on v5 in 2019.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It was based on this context that we started work on v5 in 2019.
```

Our primary focus was to revamp the **customization DX**.
It had become clear that design and DX were key to unlock the next stage of growth.

> The new branding comes to support the v5.0.0 release while also creating space for new initiatives that broaden the company horizon. It's a big deal!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new brand supports the v5.0.0 release while also creating space for new initiatives that broaden the company horizon. It's a big deal!
```

> Our ultimate goal is to become the most effective and efficient tool to build UIs while making it accessible to the many.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our ultimate goal is to become the most effective and efficient tool to build UIs, while making it accessible to the many.
```

## Our new brand

Let's dig in.

### A new name

> We are breaking the strong association with Material Design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are breaking the strong association with Material Design
```

> We have seen too many people confusing Material-UI with a Google effort or a synonym of Material Design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have seen too many people confusing Material-UI with Google, or as a synonym of Material Design.
```

> We are now called **MUI**. It stands for **M**aterials to build **UI**s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are now called **MUI**. It stands for **M**aterial to build **UI**s
```

> and is pronounced [/ɛmjuːaɪ/](http://ipa-reader.xyz/?text=%C9%9Bmju%CB%90a%C9%AA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and is pronounced [/ɛm juː aɪ/](http://ipa-reader.xyz/?text=%C9%9Bmju%CB%90a%C9%AA).
```

> It's shorter, it distinguishes ourselves and it's familiar - many people already used it for abbreviating us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's shorter, it distinguishes us, and it's familiar – many people already used it for abbreviating Material-UI.
```

> More importantly, it allows for the release of products not directly coupled to Material Design, such as unstyled/headless version of the components, a brand new second design system as an alternative to MD, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More importantly, it allows for the release of products not directly coupled to Material Design, such as an unstyled/headless version of the components, a brand new second design system as an alternative to MD, and more.
```

### A new domain name

> A new name wouldn't be so official without a new domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new name wouldn't be so official without a new domain,
```

> So, we have moved home from https://material-ui.com/ to https://mui.com/, a very easy-to-type (and find) 3 letters domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so we have moved home from https://material-ui.com/ to https://mui.com/, a very easy to type (and find) domain.
```

I think most people can count to 3 :)

### New logos

> We've tightened up the company's logo to match the new branding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've tightened up the company logo to match the new brand.
```

Reviewer: "branding" (like copy writing") is a verb. The nouns are "brand", and "copy" respectively.

> It's basically the same, to keep it familiar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's basically the same, to keep it familiar;
```

> We're keeping the geometrical shape, to resonate with the _building blocks_ idea of the components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we're keeping the geometrical shape, to resonate with the _building blocks_ idea of the components,
```

> We're also reducing the emphasis on the smart 3D perspective, stepping away from the notion of elevation Material Design coined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
however we're reducing the emphasis on the 3D perspective, stepping away from the notion of elevation that Material Design coined.
```

<img loading="lazy" src="/static/blog/material-ui-is-now-mui/old-new.png" alt="" style="width: 302px; margin-bottom: 16px;" />

> To better identify, market, and promote each product, we are introducing logos for each one of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To better identify, market, and promote each product, we're introducing logos for each one of them.
```

<img loading="lazy" src="/static/blog/material-ui-is-now-mui/products.png" alt="" style="width: 427px; margin-bottom: 16px;" />

> 

Reviewer: (Makes it look like we're claiming to have designed the Figma logo...)

Reviewer 4: True that. @oliviertassinari [just put together a quick little image](https://www.figma.com/file/4uv2dT18rXJPZBbrbpw61q/Marketing-site?node-id=4598%3A25938) to replace with that one, containing only the logos for Core, X, and Templates. I'm calling Templates and not MUI Store because the logo kinda resonates with it (the T shape) and not with the store as a whole.

Author: Ok, but what about the design kits?

Reviewer 4: We haven't done one specifically for it, we're just using Figma's... so it seems to make sense to leave it out of it?

Author: > we're just using Figma

I guess for me the point was that we don't have an icon for the design assets. We use Figma, but we have Sketch and Adobe XD too.

Reviewer 4: I'll be resolving this one since it's a bit too late for discussing it 😅

### New package names

> The package names have changed in v5, which is a **breaking change**, you can find more details in the release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package names have changed in v5, which is a **breaking change**. You can find more details in the [release notes](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/releases/tag/v5.0.0).
```

> The npm organization name has moved from @material-ui to [@mui](https://www.npmjs.com/org/mui).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The npm organization name (scope) has moved from @material-ui to [@mui](https://www.npmjs.com/org/mui).
```

### A new website & documentation

> Lastly, to celebrate and start a new chapter of the company, together with v5.0.0 rolling out and new products in the making, we're introducing a brand new marketing website and documentation design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, to celebrate and start a new chapter of the company, together with rolling out v5.0.0, and new products in the making, we're introducing a brand new website and documentation design.
```

> You'll find a completely different theme from Material Design, new typeface, colors, box-shadows, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll find a completely different theme from Material Design – new typeface, colors, box-shadows, and more,
```

> All done using the sophisticated theming features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all done using the sophisticated theming features.
```

> We want to position the company in a broader space, better explain and share what we do and who we are.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
meta

> all done using the sophisticated theming features of v5.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
all done using the powerfull theming features of v5.
```

```suggestion
all done using the advanced theming features of v5.
```

*sophisticated* feels like we are bragging :laughing:

Author: ```suggestion
all done using the flexible theming features of v5.
```

Reviewer 5: `flexible` works fine for me

<a href="/"><img loading="lazy" src="/static/blog/material-ui-is-now-mui/palette.png" alt="" style="width: 408px; margin-bottom: 16px;" /></a>

<p class="blog-description">The color palette of our brand.</p>

[Head to the new website](/).

> > Note that these changes are **not** impacting the design of the components released under the `@mui/*` npm packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that these changes do **not** impact the design of the components released under the `@mui/*` npm packages.
```

## The path ahead

> We have a lot of exciting stuff to come in the near future as we roll into this new chapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a lot more exciting things to come in the future as we roll into this new chapter.
```

> We're grateful to have you together with us, supporting the library and making it grow bigger and bigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're grateful to have you with us, supporting the library and making it grow bigger and bigger.
```
Sounds like a bundle size issue 😄

> If you spot any errors or inconsistencies, please warn us so we fix them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Superfluous

Material Design will continue to be supported with the same attention to detail as before.

> We hope to keep serving those who like the library for closely following MD while also leveraging the strong foundation built so far to offer new components, designs, and products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hope to keep serving those who like the library for closely following MD, while also leveraging the strong foundation built so far to offer new components, designs, and products.
```

Reviewer: "while also leveraging" 

Congratulations 😆

Author: It's a suggestion from someone you might know, but not me 😛

Reviewer 4: Ah sorry, I think I have something with this word, I kinda like it, it doesn't exist in Portuguese, maybe that's why 🙄

Author: Oh, I miss read, I though Matt meant it was a correct use here, to use the foundation as a lever 😁

> Hope you like it and happy building!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hope you like it. Happy building!
```

Starting today we are evolving our brand identity to clarifying the difference between our company and our products.

- Material-UI: the organization is now called [**MUI**](https://github.com/mui-org/).
- Material-UI: the set of foundational MIT React components is now called [**MUI Core**](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui).
- Material-UI X: the set of advanced React components is now called [**MUI X**](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x).

The new identity matches with the increased scope of our focus.

## The origin

Material-UI started as a React implementation of the Material Design guidelines in 2014.
The goal was simple, to empower React developers to use Material Design.
The community [loved it](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8582439) and was craving for more, so we kept building.

We made it easy for the community to contribute,
and started actively reviewing pull requests and guiding issues.
Things started to really take off with [the release of v1](/blog/material-ui-v1-is-out/) in 2018.
The frontend community was actively migrating to React, in desperate need to transition quickly,

> and before we knew it, we had grown into the most popular React UI component library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so before we knew it, we had grown into the most popular React UI component library.
```

> The frontend community was actively migrating to React, but didn't have the bandwidth to rebuild legacy interfaces from scratch.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
The frontend community was actively migrating to React, but didn't have the bandwidth to rebuild legacy interfaces from scratch,
```

## A larger focus

In our last survey, the number of developers that commented about improving the Material Design implementation was down by [60%](/blog/2020-developer-survey-results/#comparison-with-last-year) compared to the year before.
At the same time, 5X more developers were struggling to customize the components.

It was based on this context that we started work on v5 in 2019.
Our primary focus was to revamp the **customization Developer Experience (DX)**.
It had become clear that design (aesthetic, UX) and DX were key to unlocking the next stage of growth.

The new brand supports the v5.0.0 release while also creating space for new initiatives that broaden the company horizon. It's a big deal!

Our ultimate goal is to become the most effective and efficient tool to build UIs while making it accessible to the many.

## Our new brand

Let's dig in.

### A new name

We are breaking the strong association with Material Design
as we have seen too many people confusing Material-UI with Google, or as a synonym of Material Design.

We are now called **MUI**. It stands for **M**aterial to build **UI**s

> and is pronounced [/ɛm juː aɪ/](http://ipa-reader.xyz/?text=%C9%9Bmju%CB%90a%C9%AA).

Reviewer 6: It will remain `Муи` in my heart 😜

Reviewer 7: +1 😄

Reviewer 2: same 🐮

Reviewer 2: Same 🐮

It's shorter, it distinguishes us, and it's familiar – many people already used it for abbreviating Material-UI.
More importantly, it allows for the release of products not directly coupled to Material Design, such as an unstyled/headless version of the components, a brand new second design system as an alternative to MD, and more ambitious initiatives.

### A new domain name

A new name wouldn't be so official without a new domain,
so we have moved home from https://material-ui.com/ to https://mui.com/, a very easy to type (and find) domain.

### New logos

We've tightened up the company logo to match the new brand.

It's basically the same, to keep it familiar –
we're keeping the geometrical shape, to resonate with the _building blocks_ idea of the components –
however, we're reducing the emphasis on the 3D perspective, stepping away from the notion of elevation that Material Design coined.

> <img loading="lazy" src="/static/blog/material-ui-is-now-mui/old-new.png" alt="" style="width: 612px; margin-bottom: 16px;" />

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
<img loading="lazy" src="/static/blog/material-ui-is-now-mui/old-new.png" alt="Side-by-side of the new and old logo" style="width: 612px; margin-bottom: 16px;" />
```

To better identify, market, and promote each product, we're introducing logos for each one of them.

> <img loading="lazy" src="/static/blog/material-ui-is-now-mui/products.png" alt="" style="width: 600px; margin-bottom: 16px;" />

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
<img loading="lazy" src="/static/blog/material-ui-is-now-mui/products.png" alt="Logos for MUI Core, MUI X and Templates" style="width: 600px; margin-bottom: 16px;" />
```

- **MUI Core** contains ready-to-use, forever free, foundational components.
- **MUI X** includes Powerful and robust components for your complex apps.
- **Templates** is a collection of fully built, out-of-the-box, React templates for your application. They are developed by the community curated by us for quality.

### New package names

The package names have changed in v5, which is a **breaking change**.
You can find more details in the [release](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/releases/tag/v5.0.0) [notes](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/releases/tag/v4.0.0).
The npm organization name (scope) has moved from @material-ui to [@mui](https://www.npmjs.com/org/mui).

### A new website & documentation

Lastly, to celebrate the start of a new chapter for the company with the release of v5.0.0, and new products in the making, we're introducing a brand new website and documentation design.

You'll find a completely different theme from Material Design – new typeface, colors, box-shadows, and more,
all done using the flexible theming features of v5.

> <a href="/"><img loading="lazy" src="/static/blog/material-ui-is-now-mui/palette.png" alt="" style="width: 600px; margin-bottom: 16px;" /></a>

Reviewer 6: What's the link for?

> <a href="/"><img loading="lazy" src="/static/blog/material-ui-is-now-mui/palette.png" alt="" style="width: 600px; margin-bottom: 16px;" /></a>

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
<a href="/"><img loading="lazy" src="/static/blog/material-ui-is-now-mui/palette.png" alt="Selection of the new color palette and gradients" style="width: 600px; margin-bottom: 16px;" /></a>
```

<p class="blog-description">The color palette of our brand.</p>

[Head to the new website](/).

> Note that these changes do **not** impact the design of the components released under the `@mui/*` npm packages.

## The path ahead

There are many more exciting things to come in the future as we roll into this new chapter.
We're grateful to have you with us, supporting the library, and helping it grow and mature.

Material Design will continue to be supported with the same attention to detail as before.

> We hope to keep serving those who like the library for closely following MD, while also leveraging the strong foundation built so far to offer new components, designs, and products.

Reviewer 2: The final two sentences start with we hope which reads a bit repetitive.  Ending with `We hope` seems right to me.

Maybe for this sentence:

`We strive to keep serving those who like the library for closely following MD, while also leveraging the strong foundation built so far to offer new components, designs, and products.`

or 

`We aim to keep serving those who like the library for closely following MD, while also leveraging the strong foundation built so far to offer new components, designs, and products.`

Reviewer 4: Thanks, man. Changed it as suggested!

Our previous name was no longer serving our areas of focus.
We have grown our product offering.
We needed a new identity to match our increased scope.

## The origin

Material-UI [started](https://www.text-em-all.com/blog/material-ui-the-internet-found-our-ui-project) as a React implementation of the Material Design guidelines in 2014.
The goal was simple, to empower React developers to use Material Design.
The community [loved it](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8582439) and was craving for more, so we kept building.

We made it easy for the community to contribute and started actively reviewing pull requests and guiding issues.
Over 2,200 developers have cared enough about our mission to contribute, so far.
Things started to really take off with [the release of v1](/blog/material-ui-v1-is-out/) in 2018.
The frontend community was actively migrating to React, but didn't have the bandwidth to rebuild legacy interfaces from scratch,
so before we knew it, we had grown into the most popular React UI component library.
The components were heavily used and customized to build customer-facing applications, internal tools, and mobile-hybrid apps.

## A larger focus

> In our last survey, the number of developers that commented about improving the Material Design implementation was down by [60%](/blog/2020-developer-survey-results/#comparison-with-last-year) compared to the year before.

Reviewer 7: @oliviertassinari are you going to update the links to point back to https://mui.com/* after you import the blogpost on medium?

Author: No need, it's done automatically

- Material-UI: the organization is now called [**MUI**](https://github.com/mui-org/).
- Material-UI: the MIT React library is now called [**MUI Core**](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui).
- Material-UI X: the set of advanced React components is now called [**MUI X**](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x).

The new identity matches with the increase scope of our focus.

## The origin

Material-UI started as a React implementation of the Material Design guidelines in 2014.
The goal was simple, to empower the React developers to use Material Design.
The community [loved it](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8582439) and was craving for more, so we kept building.

We have made it smooth for the community to contribute.
We started actively reviewing pull requests and guiding issues.
Things started to really take off with [the release of v1](/blog/material-ui-v1-is-out/) in 2018.
The frontend community was actively migrating to React and in desperate need to move fast.

Before we realized it, we had grown into the most popular React UI components library.

> We were heavily used and customized to build: customer-facing applications, internal tools, and mobile-hybrid applications.

Author: ```suggestion
The components were heavily used and customized to build customer-facing applications, internal tools, and mobile-hybrid apps.
```

## A larger focus

> In our last survey, [60% fewer](/blog/2020-developer-survey-results/#comparison-with-last-year) developers were complaining about improving Material Design implementation than they did a year before.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In our last survey, [60% fewer](/blog/2020-developer-survey-results/#comparison-with-last-year) developers complained about improving Material Design implementation than they did a year before.
```

At the same time, 400% more developers were struggling to customize the components.

It's the context in which we started working on v5 in 2019.

> Our primary focus was to revamp the **customization DX**.

Author: Michal fixed it

> It had become clear that design and DX were key to unlock the next stage of growth.

Author: To include more dimensions:

```suggestion
It had become clear that design (aesthetic, UX) and DX were key to unlock the next stage of growth.
```

> The release of this rebranding matches with the release of v5.0.0.

Author: Danilo fixed it.

It's a big deal.
The new branding aligns with the increase of the company's area of focus.

Our ultimate goal is to become the most effective and efficient tool to build UIs while making it accessible to the many.

## Our new brand

Let's dig in.

### A new name

We are breaking the strong association with Material Design.
We have seen too many people confusing Material-UI with a Google effort or a synonym of Material Design.

> We are now called **MUI**, it stands for **M**aterials to Build **UI**s.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We are now called **MUI**. It stands for **M**aterials to Build **UI**s
```

and is pronounced [/ɛmjuːaɪ/](http://ipa-reader.xyz/?text=%C9%9Bmju%CB%90a%C9%AA).

> It's shorter, it distinguishes ourselves, it's already how many people abbreviate us.

Author: For more developers, I doubt that it's clear that there is a company in the first place, nor that they need to talk about us as a company

```suggestion
It's shorter, it distinguishes ourselves and it's familiar - many people already used it for abbreviating our main product.
```

> It's shorter, it distinguishes ourselves, it's already how many people abbreviate us.

Reviewer 3: How about

```diff
- abbreviating us
+ abbreviating our name
```
or 
```diff
- abbreviating us
+ abbreviating the library name
```

then?

More importantly, it prepares the release of unstyled/headless components, a second design system to complement Material Design, and more.

### A new domain name

A new name wouldn't resonate without a new domain name.

> We have moved home from https://material-ui.com/ to https://mui.com/, an 3 domain laters domain.

Reviewer 3: > an 3 domain laters domain

I don't get this part

Author: Fixed, with Danilo's suggestion. A 3-letter words that is faster to type.

### New logos

The logo of the company is evolving:

- We have reduced the emphasis on the smart 3D perspective. It's a step away from the notion of elevation in Material Design with a single color.
- We have rebalanced the proportions and equilibrium of the letters.
- We have added a slight border-radius to soften the angles.

<img loading="lazy" src="/static/blog/material-ui-is-now-mui/old-new.png" alt="" style="width: 302px; margin-bottom: 16px;" />

We are introducing logos for each of our products:

<img loading="lazy" src="/static/blog/material-ui-is-now-mui/products.png" alt="" style="width: 427px; margin-bottom: 16px;" />

### New package names

The package names have changed in v5, which is a **breaking change**, you can find more details in the release notes.
The npm organization name has moved from @material-ui to [@mui](https://www.npmjs.com/org/mui).

### A new website & documentation

We used this opportunity to tell a different story about the company and its products, positioning us in a broader space.
We better explain and share what we do and who we are.
We have created a custom brand identity, away from Material Design.

> For instance, you will find this custom color palette:

Author: I have added the palette to give the rebranding blog post a design "touch". To illustrate the change of aesthetic.

<img loading="lazy" src="/static/blog/material-ui-is-now-mui/palette.png" alt="" style="width: 408px; margin-bottom: 16px;" />

[Head to the new website](/).
Note that these changes are **not** impacting the design of the components released under the `@mui/material` npm package.

> ## The path ahead

Reviewer 3: I think it's worth emphasizing that we are not abandoning Material Design components and even though we'll work on the second theme and on unstyled, the Material components will still be supported and developed.

This should prevent Material Design fans and all of those who got used to this design system from sudden panic attacks :)

Author: Done by Danilo

> Most of this update has been rolled out, we will fix inconsistencies as we spot them.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
We have a lot of exciting stuff to come in the near future as we roll into this new chapter. We're grateful to have you together with us, supporting the library and making it grow bigger and bigger. If you spot any errors or inconsistencies, please warn us so we fix them.

Material Design will continue to be supported with the same attention to detail as before, nothing changes in regard to that. We hope to keep serving those who like the library for being loyal to MD while also leveraging the strong foundation built so far to offer new components, designs, and products. 

Hope you like it and happy building!
```

To address what @michaldudak said and also end the post with a closing/positive feel 😅
